Code Split Up (#114)
ThePhilgrim/MantaTail: README.md

Mantatail relies on Pytest for testing. In order to run the test suite, use `python3 -m pytest`

### Fuzzing

The fuzzer spams the server with random commands to reveal eventual errors.

> To run the fuzzer, make sure `server.py` is not running, cd to the mantatail folder and run `python3 fuzzer.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the fuzzer, make sure `server.py` is not running, cd to `tests/fuzzer` and run `python3 fuzzer.py`.
```

Author: @Akuli You made the fuzzer cd to `tests/fuzzer` by itself, so no need manually `cd`ing there.

Reviewer: In that case you need to run `python3 tests/fuzzer/fuzzer.py`.

Author: Ah, okay. Misunderstanding by me then

If you are developing a new feature, you can substitute the list `words` with a list containing limited amount of relevant data.

For example, if you are working with the feature of banning a user, a reasonable data set could be:

> `words = ["MODE", "mode", "Mode", "#chan", "#%invalidchan "+", "-", "b", "B", "^", ":", "Param1", ":Param2", "Param with spaces"]`

Reviewer: Spaces aren't needed, because the fuzzer joins the words with spaces.
```suggestion
`words = ["MODE", "mode", "Mode", "#chan", "#%invalidchan "+", "-", "b", "B", "^", ":", "Param1", ":Param2"]`
```

Author: Hmm, this might be problematic though. I guess that the fuzzer needs to support something like `PRIVMSG #chan :Param with spaces`, don't you think?

Reviewer: With `"Param with spaces"` removed, it will send things like `:Param2 Param1`, which is essentially a param with spaces.

Author: Perfect
